Are you wrong? Do you understand or not?
Would it be better if you understood it or not? Would it be fine if you understood it or not?
Do you understand if you just want to read it?
Would it be better if you understood it or not? It would be fine if you understood it or not? It would be fine if you understood it or not.
Would it be better if you understood it or not? Would it be fine if you understood it or not?
It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. Wouldn't it be better if you didn't look at it?
It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. It would be fine if you understood it. Is it okay if you don’t look at it? You know
Is it okay if you don’t read it? Do you understand that it’s okay if you just read it? You
Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. Tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny. little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little little